[Music]
no longer
we were good for back
[Music]
Oh
but also
[Music]
this was not the winner
but wait out the way you want
hurricane
as from behind
They are friends because they start
where were they
ayesa the first three
if we are perfect but still everything
the town
the same wind provided
by the team
many of the parties
to this law
where is the little bag with him
and that bag of traces and people
[Music]
with
having
can not
it's a pass
leonard a car will know
[Music]
Y
or
the triad and medium low
yes
today
do not
and now
[Music]
as good as four cats have already been
d
and good
[Music]
listen out
It can
[Music]
the cousin
walk a half for the static of
short breaks
goodbye